waiting until you have a full load to run your laundry can save up to 6% of your energy use. watch this space for new ways to save energy each month. monthly savings tip: do full laundry loads. turn over for more savings ideas. nearby homes are defined as... nearby homes are based on fuel, distance and size. square footage is collected from public information sources. efficient nearby homes are the top 15 per cent efficient of similar-sized homes nearby. homes within +/- 300 sq. ft. homes within 9 km other homes with electricity dear jill doe, here is your usage analysis for march. 18% more than similar nearby homes 125 kwh 103 kwh similar nearby homes you 49 kwh efficient nearby homes your electric use: above typical use march report account number: 954137 service address: 1627 tulip lane home energy report: electricity find your personalized analysis of your electrical energy use. scan this code or log in to your account at franklinenergy.com. seven year savings is the money you can save after purchase, installation and maintenance costs, as well as rebates, have been accounted for. all estimates are based on standard net home proﬁle assumptions; to improve the accuracy and further customize your xcel energy savings plan, visit xcelenergy.com. for questions, contact us at 800.895.4999. all the costs of each action are estimates; check your savings plan for links to local contractors and suppliers who can provide actual costs. this home energy report was prepared speciﬁcally for you, and is provided to help you get the most value from your xcel energy service. this report is available only to you, and is based on your usage proﬁle and other publicly available information. a message from xcel energy, inc., ©2023. all rights reserved. your top three tailored energy-saving tips one of the biggest money-wasters in your home is drafty windows and doors. caulking drafty areas is a simple diy project that will pay off. caulk windows and doors save money and energy set your smart thermostat to save more energy during high-cost hours. pre-heat your home on cold days so that you can save more energy. adjust thermostat settings biggest energy saving option charge your electric vehicle overnight for the best rates. check whether your home charger includes an automated charging feature that you can use. charge your ev overnight rates are lower after 9pm 78° save more this spring reduce use and save money on your electric bill with these thorough tips, from the kitchen to the laundry room. visit co.my.xcelenergy.com/s/residential/tips. evaluate your energy efficiency bring in the professionals! assess your home's energy efficiency with a home energy audit. visit xcelenergy.com/homeenergyaudit. kwh you similar homes efficient homes 0 50 100 150 200 your annual electricity use compared with similar and efficient homes april march your top three tailored energy-saving tips one of the biggest money-wasters in your home is drafty windows and doors. caulking drafty areas is a simple diy project that will pay off. caulk windows and doors save money and energy set your smart thermostat to save more energy during high-cost hours. pre-heat your home on cold days so that you can save more energy. adjust thermostat settings biggest energy saving option older model refrigerators are very inefficient. you can make up the cost of a new energy star refrigerator in energy savings in just a few years. upgrade your refrigerator look for an energy star label 78°